repo-updater: Scheduler backoff on update error (#20204)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Backoff logic when we fail to update repositories.  [#20204](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/20204)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Repositories that gitserver fails to clone or fetch are now gradually moved to the back of the background update queue instead of remaining at the front. [#20204](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/20204)
```
